AI: For someone like me, a software engineer - I had to work hard to learn how to do this stuff. It was a big step up for me, career wise. It enabled me to live a decent lifestyle, like go out to eat, buy a home, go on vaccations, be able to afford car repairs or sudden expences like getting a new HVAC. To think that I am now, nearly, obsolete is frightning for me personally. But worst case scenario, I lose my pride as a result of losing my job and a decent paycheck but I've always been able to make a living or at least get by; and I don't think that will change.

Or, for the art part of me - the steriosypical creative side: What gives me an advantage , or maybe I should say, what I was able to to that others couldn't, took years of trial and error. It was a knowledge gaining journey. And now, anyone has access to that process and could do it as well as I can if they can imagine it. SO, it's easy, having come out the other side of that, with the benefit of hindsight, having an understanding that life is about the journey not the destination, but that's me thinking about how AI impacts me and my life and my hopes and dreams and expectations. It doesn't take into consideration what a life, born into a world with this technology, would be like. A new Motzart piece everymornig - every bit as beautiful as his. A new Dali painting, every bit a dreamy and perfect as his. A new Joni Mitchell album - or what ever has infulenced you. Or tools to use for generations to come to make new stuff are availible, like, who am I to say that, if you were born in the last 70 years, we had the internet to help us for some of it, that is the perfect balance of struggle and reward/ Who am I to say that. It's just what I've experienced. So, it's easy to say that's the right way because it's what happened, but who am I to say what's best for the next generation. Because, and this may be a tangent, but, this isn't going away and it's just going to get better. It's nature happening fast, right in front of us. It's an arms race and "life" has been doing it always - since it's begining. You could even put that in the definaition of life. People are not magically outside of that - we do it to, we blossom as a species. And, to further tangent out - we don't put things back in the box. Like, it's happening and there is nothing we can do to stop it. SO, I guess what I'm saying is, there is an optimistic way to look at it - even though it's soul-sucking for me and my life, you know, it may be selfish to think of it as bad just because other people can now do what I do but didn't have to struggle for it. Like, I was never a good drawer or painter but I always wanted to be. I wanted to paint like picasso. I payed for one of the, I can't remember the name of it, AI-image generators and asked it to return abstract-cubism paintings about the human condition and in seconds there were 5 new ones that I never could have imagined. I could print them out, sketch them on a canvas, trial and error color mixing and call them mine. Is that like cheating? I mean, let me put it this way - it won't be considered cheating to the next generation, so...	But, is that a life woth living? If that is my job, to color in shapes on a predetermined canvas, or more to the point, type something into a prompt? Is that a life worth living? There's no struggle and inspiration is all around. It's going to be so different but I think so.
Imagine a world with digital "slaves". Like, it's only going to be us, the transitional generation that has an issue with it. It will be the norm for generations moving forward. So, the quicker we can get our ego out of the way - our ego being the thought that the next generation should go through what we went through being the right way, the better or it really doesn;t matter because we'll be gone and life and technology will keep going.



